Controller starting
Time Elapsed: 1
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false true false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true true false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false true true false true false true false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 2
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false true false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true true false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false true true false true false true false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 3
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false true false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true true false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false true true false true false true false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 4
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false true false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true true false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false true true false true false true false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 5
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false true false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true true false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false true true false true false true false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 6
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false true false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true true false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false true true false true false true false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 7
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false true false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true true false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false true true false true false true false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 8
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false true false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true true false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false true true false true false true false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 9
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false true false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true true false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false true true false true false true false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 10
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false true false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true true false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false true true false true false true false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 11
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false true false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true true false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false true true false true false true false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 12
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false true false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true true false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false true true false true false true false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 13
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false true false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true true false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false true true false true false true false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 14
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false true false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true true false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false true true false true false true false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 15
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false true false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true true false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false true true false true false true false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 16
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false true false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true true false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false true true false true false true false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 17
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false true false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true true false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false true true false true false true false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 18
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false true false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true true false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false true true false true false true false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 19
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false true false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true true false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false true true false true false true false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 20
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false true false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true true false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false true true false true false true false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 21
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false true false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true true false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false true true false true false true false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 22
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false true false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true true false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false true true false true false true false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 23
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false true false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true true false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false true true false true false true false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 24
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false true false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true true false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false true true false true false true false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 25
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false true false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true true false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false true true false true false true false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 26
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false true false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true true false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false true true false true false true false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 27
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false true false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true true false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false true true false true false true false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 28
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false true false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true true false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false true true false true false true false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 29
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false true false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true true false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false true true false true false true false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 30
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false true false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true true false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false true true false true false true false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 31
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 32
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 33
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 34
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 35
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 36
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 37
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 38
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 39
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 40
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 41
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 42
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 43
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 44
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 45
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 46
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 47
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 48
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 49
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 50
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 51
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 52
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 53
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 54
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 55
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 56
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 57
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 58
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 59
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 60
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 61
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 62
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 63
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 64
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 65
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 66
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 67
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 68
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 69
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 70
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 71
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 72
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 73
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 74
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 75
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 76
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 77
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 78
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 79
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 80
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 81
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 82
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 83
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 84
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 85
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 86
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 87
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 88
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 89
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 90
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 91
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 92
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 93
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 94
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 95
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 96
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 97
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 98
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 99
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 100
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 101
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 102
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 103
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 104
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 105
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 106
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 107
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 108
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 109
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 110
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 111
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 112
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 113
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 114
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 115
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 116
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 117
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 118
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 119
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Time Elapsed: 120
***************************************
false false false true false false false true false false 
false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false true false false false true true 
true true false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false true false false 
true false false false false false true false false true 
false false true false true false false false false false 
false false true false false false false true false false 
Controller exiting
